alright guys his dumb boxing of the
PlayStation Vita give you guys a look
and I also got Uncharted golden Abyss
for it this is the 3G and this is the
bundle that you get with the 8 gigabyte
memory card the AT&T data thingy and
some downloadable games let's take a
look at the back of the box shows you
the PS Vita
with some you know some AT&T
advertisements and some other stuff that
we don't want to look at so anyways
let's get the tape openers
right so they'll start with the game
yeah we should start with the game and
then wheel through the system but I'll
just see the case is really small it's
like not even the size of my hand
it's like tiny the graphics is crazy
the unnies games back with that no
booklet what is that just this game that
looks like a skandhas car look at this
yeah it comes with no booklet I guess
it's brand-new I bought it from games up
okay so here we have the AT&T
advertisement this right here the Quick
Start Guide I think I already know how
to use it I think yeah so that's that
use some of the power adapters charging
charging here's my memory card it comes
with if you guys want to buy one of
these I recommend getting the the bundle
I think they still do have them it comes
in a memory card but the memory cards it
by itself it's very expensive so here we
have the memory card we have the AT&T
which are probably not going to use we
have some more advertisements we have
the augmented reality cards to the same
thing on in the 10 - 30 s to bring stuff
alive and this is uh another AT&T thingy
and the actual system itself
it's really big
feels really good but it's really really
light it looks like a Kawai like a ton
but it really doesn't it actually feels
like a cheap plastic but um it doesn't
look like it but it has a slick look got
the dual analogs the butt-ends user
where the game's going to top power
button camera camera on the back the
Tunch touch pad on the back triggers and
yeah that's the PS Vita and it really
really looks nice so that's done boxing
piece